ignore_time property renamed to min_full_scan_interval (#3600)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/vuln-detector.rst

| **Allowed values**   | yes, no   |
+----------------------+-----------+

.. _vuln_det_min_full_scan_interval:

min_full_scan_interval
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Time during which a full scan will not be performed even if the CVEs database is updated. When this time has passed, only a :ref:`full scan <vuln_det_scan_types>` will be performed if the CVEs database has changed.

Reviewer: Or maybe we can express it like:
"When the database is updated, the full scan will wait until this time has expired to lunch."

> Time during which a full scan will not be performed even if the CVEs database is updated. When this time has passed, only a :ref:`full scan <vuln_det_scan_types>` will be performed if the CVEs database has changed.

Author: I only changed the position of "only", I think it sounds good, but we can discuss if it needs a deeper change.

> Time during which a full scan will not be performed even if the CVEs database is updated. When this time has passed, a :ref:`full scan <vuln_det_scan_types>` will be performed only if the CVEs database has changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The time during which a full scan will not be performed even if the database of vulnerabilities is updated. When this time expires, a :ref:`full scan <vuln_det_scan_types>` will be performed only if the CVEs database has changed.
```
